well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about a
program that
people have expressed in the comments
like man i wish
that it worked that way in the united
states they do this in europe
in fact in some places in europe it's
mandatory
and it's something that people have
wanted to
achieve through legislation
and then when it finally comes time to
actually write the law they realize they
can't do it because
well it kind of infringes on people's
constitutional rights in the u.s
it takes a lot to compel somebody to do
this
and because it hasn't been able to be
done through legislation
people think it can't be done but it
can't
in fact the program exists already
when you were talking about gun
ownership in the united states
one of the first thing that's that's
going to come to your mind
one of the first topics that will come
up is accessibility
if somebody is struggling if they're
having an acute
mental health issue
and there's been
a push to find some way to legislate
that people give up their weapons if
they're in this situation give up their
firearms
the problem with that is that one it
takes a lot
to compel somebody to surrender their
firearms
another is that it may actually serve as
a deterrent
to people seeking help because they
don't want to give them up
in the gun community image is incredibly
important it's incredibly important
to a lot of people in the gun community
appearing weak isn't something that most
of them
want because there is that stigma
it's not true but the stigma exists
and it's still pretty prevalent in the
gun community
so they may not seek help which means
the legislative remedies
well they won't work but what if it's
voluntary
what if there's a network of federal
firearms license holders
gun stores that will hold your guns
and they have a program called hold my
guns
what's more is that this program does
not assume
that you are struggling there are
hundreds
of legitimate reasons to want to store
your firearms
off-site outside of your home
for an extended period or a short period
you could be going on deployment since
you're not going to be home you don't
want them stalling
your cousin could be coming into town
he's bringing his kids with him you just
want to be extra safe
this program never assumes that you are
struggling
this program provides the plausible
deniability
you need to get the firearms out of your
house
out of your immediate accessible reach
and preserve the image
that image is not worth dying over the
problem is
in the united states tons of people do
every year because they
don't want to seek help because that
mark
they feel that it would ride with them
this creates no mark there's no
paperwork of that sort
involved you surrender your firearms
give them to the gun store owner and you
can pick them back up at a later date
and when it comes time to pick them up
because it is a federal
firearms license holder they do have to
make the phone call
make sure you're not a prohibited person
but other than that
that's it there's nothing linking it to
a mental health issue
that fact alone would increase
use that is going to save lives this
program will save lives if people know
about it
if people talk about it you may
if you uh have a friend who is in a
situation
you might want to just mention how you
stored your weapons there when
you went on vacation
you don't have to push the issue present
them with the option
this is the type of responsible firearms
community
this country has been begging for
it exists it's just not getting the
press
it should again the name of the program
is hold my guns they have a uh from my
understanding there's a website
that will refer you to different uh
license holders
that participate in this and i will find
the link and try to put it down below
um again
this is people acting individually
towards a collective goal outside of
legislation they're just doing what's
right
they're doing what they should have been
doing a long time ago
and this is uh this is one of those
things
it will work if people know about it
but for people to know about it we have
to talk about it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day